In the last lecture we create our shopping list Marchal and then we get stock.
When it came to routeing.
I told you that I would leave the shopping list route here in our app routing Wachtel and I would.
However here's something important to realize.
We do reference a shopping list component here and therefore we have to add or leave the import in this
file because as mentioned often the import here is a language feature and typescript needs to know where
it finds this component where it finds this type we are referencing here.
So this has nothing to do with Engler has nothing to do with how Angerer module's works.
This is only a type of thing.
So since this is only a typescript thing and the shopping list component is declared in your shopping
list module you could correctly say well how can we use it in the app routing module then because that
module the Cabaravdic module is not directly related to the shopping list Marchal we declared the shopping
list component somewhere else then we use it.
That's the special thing about routing.
And that's the same for all components including our Sign-Up component ends on which still are part
of the app module.
Technically the app module all is a different module than the routing module for routing.
It's not important that you declared a component in the same file as to route live.
It's just important that you declared him anywhere in your application before you get a chance of visiting
that route which includes before I linked to that route gets rendered somewhere which also presents
a chance of going there I guess.
So that's important for routing.
It's a different thing.
If you decide to use the selector of a component if you decide to use the app shopping list selector
in your app component file.
So here normally we would loaded wire routing.
Let's now include like this if you decide to do that you will see Compounce without an issue.
But you do get an error here that shopping list is not a known element because this element indeed is
not known to the app component which is part of the app Marchal because we didn't declare it here.
So that's the difference between using the selector and routing for de-select or you have to declare
it in the module where you plan to use to select or or you have to import a module which exports that
thing like with the drop down the rest of wherever you also use to select or of something which wasn't
defined in this module and the recipe is modular in this case.
But in a shared module and then exported but you have to get a direct connection to that declaration
ever because it's the same file or you import something which exports it for routing.
That's a different thing for that.
You don't have to have that connection but you have to make sure that the component you try to load
here is declared somewhere and definitely is declared before you try to access this route.
So that was a little bit of rattling about this but I find it super important to understand the role
routing plays here with that back to the shopping list module and let's finish it in the next lecture
.